Main tasks:
1. Create client-side backfill method
2. Load activities and polylines into the database
3. Create query for getting SWCP completion based on the user's activity polylines, without caching or background processing
4. Build the stats UI based on polylines query
5. Look into pulling streams and processing these in addition to polylines
6. Optimise (e.g. using materialised views or triggers).

Q: When should a user's activities get loaded into the DB?
A: Starting from when they first log in with Strava.

Q: How do we start the process of fetching the users activities when they log in?
A: We need their access token, and then we can fetch the list of all their activities.
We can store this list in the DB.
From there, we can trigger a function (in the DB? on the server? clientside?) to loop over each and
get the stream data, storing that in the DB too. Once all activities (from the list) have had a track
fetched, we can stop. We could query to see how many activities have been downloaded so far and resume
the process if necessary. Essentially, we want to backfill stream data after already fetching all the
activities. Also want to respect rate limits, etc

Possible architectures:
- Single background processor
    Manage overall rate limits and ensure users each get a turn at downloading data.

- Serverless process per user
    A function/process per user, kicked off when user logs in.
    + Simpler to track progress per user
    - Trickier to manage rate limits across many users

Got an architecture choice at this point...

For each user, when they log in, we can use their access_token to get their activity data from Strava.

So we want to make 1 or more requests to Strava to get their list of activities. Then based off that list,
for each activity, we want to check if it's relevant to any of the long distance trails we care about, and
if it is, get the position stream (latlong) and start computing overlap with the relevant trail.

[strava login]--> access_token
[access_token]--> activities
[activities -> activity]-map->routes-[route/activity match]
[route/activity match]--> route overlap
(activities --> route overlap)->[route overlaps]--> summary stats

TODO: Set up OAuth in deployment (including redirects not just to localhost)
TODO: Look into Prisma?
TODO: Implement deauth? Not sure it makes sense, but maybe just delete any local copies of the token if 401 Unauthorized is received?
TODO: Check and respect rate limits to avoid overuse
TODO: STYLING ✨
TODO: Implement Strava brand guidelines
TODO: Allow user to log out or change accounts
TODO: Consider a mapping library with support for static maps (e.g. for activity summary maps - loading lots of interactive maps but disabling interaction doesn't seem sensible)
